DOC-3184: Update Svelte public documentation. (#3720)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/integrations/svelte-quick-start.adoc

</main>
----

[NOTE]
====

> Replace `your-tiny-cloud-api-key` with a valid {cloudname} API key.

Author: ```suggestion
Replace `no-api-key` with a valid {cloudname} API key.
```
